Update license.Rmd (#718)
hadley/r-pkgs: license.Rmd

If you're submitting to CRAN and the bundled code has a different (but compatible) license, you also need to include a `LICENSE.note` file that describes the overall license of the package, and the specific licenses of each individual component.
For example, the diffviewer package bundles six javascript libraries all of which use a permissive license.
The [`DESCRIPTION`](https://github.com/r-lib/diffviewer/blob/master/DESCRIPTION) lists all copyright holders, and the [`LICENSE.note`](https://github.com/r-lib/diffviewer/blob/master/LICENSE.note) describes their licenses.

> (Other packages have used other techniques, but I think this is the simplest approach that will fly with CRAN.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Other packages use other techniques, but I think this is the simplest approach that will fly with CRAN.)
```
